[Documentation] Add missing "Implicit Flow vs Authorization Code Flow with PKCE" section to MSAL Browser README (#7903)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/README.md

npm run test:coverage
```

## Implicit Flow vs Authorization Code Flow with PKCE

> MSAL.js 2.x implements the [OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code Flow with PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) for browser-based applications. This is a significant improvement over the Implicit Flow that was used in MSAL.js 1.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@azure/msal-browser` implements the [OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code Flow with PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) for browser-based applications. This is a significant improvement over the Implicit Flow that was used in `@azure/msal`, `msal` or `adal-angular`.
```

### Authorization Code Flow with PKCE

The Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) is the current industry standard for securing OAuth 2.0 authorization in public clients, including single-page applications (SPAs). Key benefits include:

- **Enhanced Security**: PKCE provides protection against authorization code interception attacks
- **No Tokens in URLs**: Tokens are never exposed in the browser's URL or history
- **Refresh Token Support**: Enables long-lived sessions through refresh tokens
- **OIDC Compliance**: Fully compliant with OpenID Connect standards

### Implicit Flow (Deprecated)

The Implicit Flow was the previous standard for SPAs but has been deprecated due to security concerns:

- **Tokens in URLs**: Access tokens are returned in URL fragments, making them visible in browser history and server logs
- **No Refresh Tokens**: Implicit flow cannot securely deliver refresh tokens to public clients
- **Increased Attack Surface**: Tokens are more susceptible to token leakage attacks

### Migration Considerations

> - **MSAL.js 2.x only supports Authorization Code Flow with PKCE** - Implicit Flow is not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`@azure/msal-browser` only supports Authorization Code Flow with PKCE** - Implicit Flow is not supported
```

> - If you're migrating from MSAL.js 1.x, see our [migration guide](./docs/v1-migration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're migrating from `@azure/msal`, `msal` or `adal-angular`, see our [migration guide](./docs/v1-migration.md)
```
